Horoscope distilling:

1 Aries: Rushing in. Don’t worry about the risks. Saves the day. Risks self.
Seek the brave solution. Though it may seem rash, you will be served well by rushing in head long. 

2 Taurus: Patience, stability, not changing. Risks stubborness.
The solution lies behind patience.  Maintain whatever course you are on, and remain firm in your convictions. 

3 Gemini: Caring. Collaberation. Cooperativeness.  Risks dependence. 
Seek collaboration for your solution, and be mindful of the emotions of others. Understanding and cooperation are key.

4 Cancer: Emotions, tenacity, sensitiveness. Risks touchyness.
Follow your emotions. Don’t be afraid to commit yourself to your feelings, your instincts are correct.

5 Leo: Leadership, standing out. Risks arrogance. 
Take charge and don’t be afraid to stand out. Fall back on leadership and don’t be afraid to rally those around you.

6 Virgo: Work ethic, dutifulness. Risks: Impatience. 
Hold fast and focus on your commitment. Dutifulness does you well here, remember what it is you are working towards.

7 Libra: Harmony, kindness. Risks:  Confrontation avoidance, grudges. 
Seek harmony and compassion before all other solutions. Your path will be made by kindness and humility. 

8 Scorpio: Truthfulness, Passion. Risks: Over-Agression.
Be truthful and follow your convictions. Be frank with your convictions and persue what you know to be true and right no matter the circumstance.

9 Sag:  Thinking ahead, generosity. Risks: Being too idealistic.
It’s time to plan. The path to what you want can be overcome so long as you take your tie to navigate it in your mind.

10 Capricorn: Responsibility, Self Control. Risks: Being Unforgiving/Hauty
Mind your responsibilities and lean on your self control. The easy solutions are often the wrong ones, such is the case for you in this moment. 

11 Aquarius:   Independent, Patient. Risks: Being Too private with emotions
Your solution can be found through independence. You need to look inward and find your solution in yourself before others. 

12 Pisces:  Forgiving, Wisdom. Weakness: Overly Trusting
Employ your wisdom and find compassion. Whatever you face requires forgiveness to be your first thought. Humanity should be concerned before orthodoxy. 